raggy yeah I know
for you
right here you know
what
Oh
well you're not what's your guys name
though buddy you you know with me thanks
to work yeah
I can
daddy James Stewart's both have up one
bite yeah that's your bike that's why
your honor oh yeah
and kicking butt
oh by staying in second and past you
yeah I can
first
first yeah away oh my goodness how much
flaps did you put on last five ah can't
do that anymore after that two three
come
no you did
down the track number don't cut screw
downs backward
you
No
crash
like
marked out again no way come on dark
going all right 30 can that
wet
look at you
what's that place you in them
going off track a lot
Oh
oh dude you're in fri me yeah
crab
don't smash me
well I want to fill that with that
one more
if you keep something on me yeah
huh kincaid are we
dang I wiped out again
oh you can't
at the end
there you go
oh dang it I wait there again
oh you pass me no way
oh I gotta really go hard down go fast
that's the race the race yeah I want to
kick your butt can't know oh yeah
oh you beat me yeah yeah cuz you crash
that's why